JSDK-2751 Addind Android Encoder issue to COMMON_ISSUES.md (#942)
twilio/twilio-video.js: COMMON_ISSUES.md

release. If your issue hasn't been reported, consider submitting
[a new issue](https://github.com/twilio/twilio-video.js/issues/new).

Android Chrome Participants sometimes see corrupted frames for RemoteVideoTracks

> --------------------------------------------

Reviewer: @PikaJoyce Nitpick: can you extend the line to match the length of the heading?

These are unsupported and likely to break twilio-video.js. If you are having
trouble with twilio-video.js, ensure these are not running.

> Android Hardware Encoder and Corrupted Video

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Android Chrome Participants sometimes see corrupted frames for RemoteVideoTracks.
```

--------------------------------------------

> Android devices have issues which exist in the hardware VP8 encoder. The issue occurs when the width of the video resolution is not divisible by 16, it can also occur when the resolution is reduced in order to accomodate bandwidth constraints. There is a [WebRTC issue](https://bugs.chromium.org/p/webrtc/issues/detail?id=11337) filed for this as well. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This happens primarily due to a [Chromium bug](https://bugs.chromium.org/p/webrtc/issues/detail?id=11337), where the decoded video frames are corrupted when the resolution is reduced in order to accommodate bandwidth constraints.
```
